You just stand here
Don't cause me any trouble
Those who came today are not ordinary people
Dad, I'm not going in
This is all from today's auction
Families of the top wealthy families
And leaders at all levels
Are you qualified?
Why did you let me in and call me here?
Freeze to death
You remember me.
I'll come out in a while, if I can't see you.
Half a year's pocket money
I'll stay if I don't go
The owner is here.
Wait a minute, I'll go back and arrange it.
To go in the back door
Hey, doesn't Brother Hua do laundry?
He is also qualified to come to the auction like this.
The West deserves to be here just like you
I know I'm here today
What are they?
Wearing new clothes makes you think you're addicted